DALA-7155: Rework about page (#1790)
d-fine/Dataland: dataland-frontend/HOMEPAGE_REWORK_SPEC.md

| 2   | Dataset not yet available | Request the dataset through the platform                                          | Delivered within one month | Costs are shared between members requesting the same dataset              |

---

### 4.7 Section: ProductFeatures

**File:** `src/components/resources/productPage/ProductFeatures.vue` (CREATE)

- **Headline:** `Platform features`
- **Anchor:** `#features`

**6 feature cards (3x2 grid), using framework card style:**

| #   | Title                  | Subtitle                     | Text                                                                     |
| --- | ---------------------- | ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 1   | Download data          | Flexible formats             | Download datasets as CSV or XLSX with or without metadata                |
| 2   | Portfolio management   | Create and manage portfolios | Build your own portfolios of companies and monitor ESG data availability |
| 3   | Portfolio sharing      | Collaboration                | Share company portfolios with colleagues and teams                       |

> | 4   | Request data           | On-demand sourcing           | Order missing datasets directly from the platform                        |

Author: ```suggestion
| 4   | Request data           | On-demand sourcing           | Order missing datasets directly through the platform                        |
```

Reviewer: Done

Author: This was just the markdown file used by the Coding agents as input. The actual code is in product.ts - hence this is not yet fixed but still live on the website.

Reviewer 2: Done.

| 1   | Complementing Existing ESG Data Providers          | Dataland complements a primary ESG data provider by closing remaining data gaps. Missing indicators or uncovered companies can be retrieved where the primary provider is incomplete. This includes access to ESG data for SMEs and private companies that are typically not covered by large commercial vendors, extending ESG analysis beyond listed entities and enabling broader coverage of real-economy exposures, especially in lending, private markets, and insurance portfolios |
| 2   | Independent Validation and Audit Trail             | Dataland datasets serve as an additional reference point to cross-check consistency, plausibility, and methodological differences against a primary provider — particularly in contexts requiring high data quality and auditability. Every data point is linked to its exact location in the original source document, providing the source transparency that regulatory audits increasingly require                                                                                     |

> | 3   | Dataland as Primary ESG Data Source                | Dataland serves as the main source of ESG datasets, with data retrieval, reporting, and analysis processes built directly on its datasets. Reliance on traditional ESG data vendors can be reduced or eliminated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Author: ```suggestion
| 3   | Dataland as Primary ESG Data Source                | Dataland serves as the main source of ESG datasets, with data retrieval, reporting, and analysis processes built directly on its datasets. Reliance on expensive ESG data monopolists can be reduced or eliminated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
```

Reviewer: Done

Author: Same as above - still live on the platform

Reviewer 2: Done.
